Seek the sunlight 

October 3rd, 2025

In the first few weeks, I joined the POC tour of Norrebro and they showed us this goat park. Ever since then, I've been wanting to return but I haven't until this morning. 

Fridays are nice as I only have one class (Anthropology of Food) and it starts at 1:15 PM, so I have the whole morning to do school work, and explore the city. After moping about my bike for two weeks, this week I've committed to using it and it's made me realize how much I do enjoy using it despite my greivances around it. 
Additionally, my knee has been giving me problems while walking, so the bike is a great alternative that doesn't bother it as much. This morning after making breakfast, folding my laundry I had washed last night, and my habit of checking my socials four times too many before resorting to doing my Duolingo, I decided that I wanted to check out Norrebro again. 
It's a 15 min bus trip away, and a 6 min bike, so given my knee I chose to bike. And I'm very happy I did. I worked for an hour at the elevated cafe "Mirabella" and got my first! BMO which I wasn't super sure how to eat, but it was very tasty. Then once that work was drafted, I decided I wanted to get sunlight. 

The first time I learned of the power of sunlight was back in 10th grade when my debate teacher was recalling how UW Madison had sunlight rooms for the depressed college students. Not a super happy story, but since them I've become a fiend for sunlight as it cools down and gets darker earlier. I will always choose to work outside in direct sunlight even if its cold (that's what gloves are for!). Luckily, it's not that cold yet. 
Once I got to the park,  I decided that I would make a granny square as that will be my activity for the twelve hour train ride my class is taking tomorrow to Essen, Germany. That was quite enjoyable in the sun as it didn't involve my screen and I could just listen to the sounds around me. 

There are goats bahhing, kids yelling at each other in Danish, the stomping through the gravel on the ground. Across from me are two women smoking and drinking Carlsbergs speaking Russian to each other. A few minutes ago they asked each other if they spoke English and one answered "WEll enough to teach a dance class." and then they switched to Russian. Two grandparents (presumably given their white hair and wrinkles) just walked past with a small kid in a stroller. The kid is wrapped up in many blankets and a hat, but the adults are just in jeans and one jacket. It's quite pleasant in the sun. 

I'm sitting on a log cut to be a chair, someone took a slice at noon and 9 o'clock. It's not super comfortable for writing on my laptop, but it does provie a good view of the playground and red farm building housing the guinnea pigs. 
Three days into October, I'm wondering if the leaves are going to change. Behind me, there ivy on a five story brick building that is starting to change to red, but I don't think it will compare to the glorious fall leaves of New England. I miss that, and I look forward to it next year. Maybe that's why I keep the background of my email fall leaves. Or maybe I'm lazy or too busy with other things in life. 
The sun warms my heart and makes me hopeful about the day. Even though I don't know what's next for me in Study Abroad, today I'm hopeful and I'll give part of that to the sun. 